feat(deps): version bump and release notes for 5.2.2 patch release (#3919)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/documentation-site/patternfly-docs/content/get-started/release-highlights.md

import './get-started.css';
import { Divider } from '@patternfly/react-core';

## PatternFly 5.2.2

PatternFly 5.2.2 is now live! This was a patch release to fix a significant bug that was found.

### Promoted package versions

- patternfly/patternfly-react ([changelog](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-react/releases/tag/5.2.2))
  - [@patternfly/react-code-editor@5.2.2](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@patternfly/react-code-editor/v/5.2.2)
  - [@patternfly/react-core@5.2.2](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@patternfly/react-core/v/5.2.2)
  - [@patternfly/react-drag-drop@5.2.2](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@patternfly/react-drag-drop/v/5.2.2)
  - [@patternfly/react-table@5.2.2](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@patternfly/react-table/v/5.2.2)

### Fixed bugs
In this patch release, we:

> - Fixed issue causing our menu component to crash when dynamically resetting menu items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Corrected an issue that caused our menu component to crash when dynamically resetting menu items.
```
